what's up guys everything Apple Pro here
and in this video I'm going to be
showing you guys how to jailbreak your
apple TV running firmware 5.0 point 2 or
also known as iOS 5.1.1 and just a few
of them include xbox media center apple
TV flash or Neto TV that's just a little
bit of the many plugins you can install
after you jailbreak your apple TV now
this will actually be a very easy guide
and all you guys will need is of course
your Apple TV to your Apple TV remote
and a microUSB cable on your desktop you
guys will need to download one thing and
that's either for Mac or Windows and you
guys will need to download seasonpass
you could find that in the description
down below there will be a link to my
written guide as well as all the links
you need there so let's go ahead and
plug in your Apple TV into your computer
so that's the microUSB cable right into
there alright put that aside and go
ahead and run season pass okay an iTunes
might open just minimize that and that's
okay now in season pass all we're gonna
want to do is click create IPSW and of
course depending on your internet
connection this could take a while
you're basically downloading the Apple
TV firmware and we're gonna be restoring
to it later in iTunes so just give us a
little moment and I'll be right back now
as soon as season pass has finished
downloading and patching the firmware
what we're gonna do is to put our Apple
tv2 into DFU mode so on your Apple TV
remote we're gonna hold the menu and
play pause button for seven seconds so
let's go ahead and do that so 1 2 3 4 5
6 7 and you're gonna let go now just
wait until season pass recognizes your
Apple TV and it'll automatically open up
iTunes and the restore process will
begin by itself and once iTunes
recognizes your Apple TV it will take
about five to 10 minutes to restore so
just be patient and once it's finished
restoring your Apple TV will be fully
jailbroken now your Apple TV may not
restore the first time iTunes may throw
an error and if that happens just go
back into season pass and select create
IPSW you'll want to unplug your Apple TV
plug it back in and put it into DFU mode
and the restore process will begin again
and this time it should work and once
you get this notice that means the
jailbreak was successful your Apple TV
has restored and I'm gonna head over to
my TV and actually show you that I am
running the season pass jailbreak now
once you've got your Apple tea
be set up you can basically tell us
jailbroken if you look at the Settings
icon and there's an FC instead of the
standard icon basically stands for fire
core the people that make season pass
and there you go you guys are now
jailbroken on iOS 5.0 point two also
known as five at one point two on your
Apple TV 2 so enjoy the jailbreak guys
enjoy the plugins you can install with
this jailbreak I'll catch you guys later
on the next video peace